Catherine Chidiac

Keralla India- April 09


Catherine Chidiac left Beirut at the age of 18 to study art and design at Richmond College in London then worked in a top advertising industry as an art director, a profession she quickly abandoned "Life is not about competing, but completing" she says. She then worked for a year as a presenter of LBC TV station but left that job for the same reasons.

She went on traveling finding the dots that knits her life .
"Ever since I was a child, I've felt the need to travel, discover the world get mixed with other parts of me ".

its at Yoga Works in Los Angeles that Catherine took her first yoga class : "A sense of well being overwhelmed me, even though, I got discouraged by looking at people in headstands and crazy postures that seemed humanly impossible to me"

Catherine Kept on practicing regularly in Beirut until she went for the first time to India in 2008 on an Ayurevedic retreat. " I felt a deep sense of connection with that soil and knew by then that I would come back to spend some time"

Catherine felt that she wanted to share the well being yoga made her feel, and It's in Mexico later on, while improvising a fun class at Puerto Escondido's beach, that she discovered her Dharma in life as a yoga teacher "the energy flew through me it wasn't me anymore saying things and leading others into postures: it was yoga".

Her next trip took her again to India where she did her teacher training and spent a few month in the Sivananda ashram in Keralla . She went on to Thailand to take Ashtanga workshops with Petri Rasenen and then to New York city where she could confection her teaching technique at Jivamukti school (through a regular practice and many workshops).

Its also in NYC that Catherine learned many other yoga techniques:Tantra Yoga with Shiva Rhea, Restorative with Jillian Pransky, ViniYoga therapy with Gary Kraftsow and many others.

She has been In Beirut for a few years now teaching a Vigorous Vinyasa flow yoga style


---

Letter to the Students

FreedOM ... All the way

Dear students,

Keep a smile on your face whatever your situation is, for life is generous, if it takes something off your way know that something greater awaits you, its a matter of trust and attitude in witch your happiness is determined. With a little effort your everyday life becomes a fairy tale that YOU only can refine and trace day after day, adding colors and melodies that makes your universe a blooming perfection. Embrace whatever occurs in your life, whether positive or negative as its only a preparation for something better.

Practice at least every other day, and for god sake stick to it !! And trust me you will be amazed with the amount of energy that will arise within you. Channel it in the right direction.. and here you are! a magician that creates beauty, an alchemist that turns everything into gold.

Trust your selves, trust life and find in this attitude a sense of release and freedOM...
Namaste
Catherine

Follow Catherine on YouTube :


---

As a beginner-to-intermediate yogi, it's easy to get discouraged when it comes to the balancing postures and inversions .
The mere mention of arm balances, brings up anxiety if students fear they don't have enough arms strength to support the body or too much weight to carry themselves up.
The result will obviously be a collapse or fall out of the pose.
But guess what ? the weight of the body has nothing to do with arms balancing or inversions ! (unless major weight problems ) the only things one should develop and strengthen are the arms and the abs .
The arms mainly through surya Namaskar.
The abs through postures like Navasana (Boat) Along with a proper use of the Bandhas (Mulabandha and udyalabandha) .
The breath should be calm and long (Ujaii), the mind clear, focused and TRUST FULL.
And here you are ! Upside down or balancing on your arms ! Awesome feeling ..trust me..
A fall out might happen, but that's not that bad ! be playful with it rather then dubious !


---

PRIVATE SESSIONS

PRIVATE SESSIONS :
To Individuals and Groups .
Inhouse, Outhouse and Online through Facetime or Whatsapp video call
Stay tuned on "Catherine chidiac yoga" 's Facebook page to know of updates.
Email to register, book or get more details


What is Power yoga ? :

(Note that Catherine teaches many kinds of yoga but her open classes in Beirut are "Power Yoga" )
